# Industrial_safety_alert
# Story
Building the Project
# HARDWARE CONNECTION:

1. keep the shorter pin(-ve) in gnd and longer pin(+ve) in the gpio 0 pin

2. connect the bolt wi-fi module to the hotspot

For Setting up the Bolt WiFi Module click on link https://docs.boltiot.com/docs

To create a Product for this project, firstly login into BOLT CLOUD

Click on the Products tab and then create a product
select the Output Devices option
Click on Configure this product to configure the product
Click on Code Section and write the code in HTML We are writing the HTML code for Switching The Street Lights ON and OFF with the Smartphone (via Bolt IOT Android or IOS app)
HTML code is attached below and save it.
To see the Switch on Phone, Open Bolt app on the Smartphone>> Click on your Bolt device name or Id
Screenshot of switch on phoneSwitch On the BOLT IOT app
Writing the Python code on Server
I done this project in in Oracle VM Virtual box. You can also use Digital Ocean and Ubuntu servers.

Now make conf.py which has the information of Twilio (Login and you use API) and Bolt Cloud account By creating configuration

sudo nano conf.py
and write the following code

SSID = 'You can find SSID in your Twilio Dashboard'AUTH_TOKEN = 'You can find  on your Twilio Dashboard' FROM_NUMBER = 'This is the no. generated by Twilio. You can find this on your Twilio Dashboard'  TO_NUMBER = 'This is your number. Make sure you are adding +91 in beginning'API_KEY = 'This is your Bolt Cloud account API key'DEVICE_ID = 'This is the ID of your Bolt device'
by pressing the Ctrl + X save the file

Now make one more file name sms.py in which we will write the python code for sending the notification

sudo nano sms.py
python code is attached below.

After creating and saving both files then run the code by using following command

python3 sms.py
Working principle
this is mainly used to alert the system

If the light intensity become less than limit then related data send to cloud.
Server which is running with python code detect the data and if Light intensity is less than limit then it call Twilio SmS service to send notification.
Twilio SmS service send the notification to the phone number of the particular industry and so they will turn the buzzerON with help of their Smartphone
